hey everybody welcome back it's Metro
back here with a park that just
discovered at shopper's it is called
nano blur and what it's claim to fame is
actually it says you got to look 10
years younger within 40 seconds it helps
with aging lines deep pores crow's feet
and just overall the appearance of Aging
so let's just apply this product and see
what it does so I'm just gonna start off
with a small amount so it's clear this
is smell which is kind of nice in case
you're allergic so let this apply a
little bit here again wherever
wherever you're supposed to look old
goodbye noise and straight out this or
you just to the right side of my face
great for a check
and it seemed to take too much but I
think once it starts drying you can
actually you can feel it
so let's wait a few seconds and see what
happens
about 20 seconds in we're looking
younger
okay so technically 40 seconds have come
and gone I'm just gonna go a little bit
closer into the camera and see if we can
see any difference is now we're getting
really close so this is the untreated
side a versus the treated side I'm just
looking in my camera but I can only see
a soft difference in this side it might
it just looks a little more a bit like a
little smoother it doesn't look as my
pores are as deep and even here
especially a little bit under my eye I
didn't go too far right but this is the
untreated side versus the treated side
then I actually think this Punk works
some a little shiny here so it took away
some of the dullness on this side and
could have matted me out and well you
know maybe we have a winner
so everybody it's an animal or so
perhaps everyone can actually benefit
from them guys girls you're going to
your prom you're going to a wedding your
whatever be this one look good you have
that job review and you really want to
ace it does it look like you're you're
wearing anything it's kind of just like
a skin cream that you would apply drops
on top of your moisturizer and you
really can't notice it at all it you so
it's not even a makeup so there you go
anyone can wear without even noticing
that you're actually wearing nano blur
so check it out defined it as shoppers
in the cosmetics section and a ton a
nice packaging box check it out
why not would it get to lose any weight
uh fine enjoy and
there